ticdc: doc updates for 4.0.9 (#4334)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

- In some extreme cases, the TiCDC service is restarted. You can search the `FATAL` level log in the TiCDC server log for troubleshooting.

## What is `gc-ttl` in TiCDC?

Since v4.0.0-rc.1, PD supports external services in setting the service-level GC safepoint. Any service can register and update its GC safepoint. PD ensures that the key-value data smaller than this GC safepoint is not cleaned by GC. Enabling this feature in TiCDC ensures that the data to be consumed by TiCDC is retained in TiKV without being cleaned by GC when the replication task is unavailable or interrupted.

When starting the TiCDC server, you can specify the Time To Live (TTL) duration of GC safepoint through `gc-ttl`, which means the longest time that data is retained within the GC safepoint. This value is set by TiCDC in PD, which is 86,400 seconds by default.

## How do I handle the OOM that occurs after TiCDC is restarted after a task interruption?

> If the replication task is interrupted for a long time and a large volume of unconsumed data is accumulated, Out of Memory (OOM) might occur when TiCDC is started. In this situation, you can enable unified sorter, TiCDC's experimental sorting engine. This engine sorts data in the disk when the memory is insufficient. To enable this feature, pass `--sort-engine=unified` and `--sort-dir=/path/to/sort_dir` to the `cdc cli` command when creating a replication task. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the replication task is interrupted for a long time and a large volume of new data has been written to TiDB, Out of Memory (OOM) might occur when TiCDC is restarted. In this situation, you can enable unified sorter, TiCDC's experimental sorting engine. This engine sorts data in the disk when the memory is insufficient. To enable this feature, pass `--sort-engine=unified` and `--sort-dir=/path/to/sort_dir` to the `cdc cli` command when creating a replication task. For example:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell

> cdc cli changefeed create --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379 --start-ts=415238226621235200 --sink-uri="mysql://root:123456@127.0.0.1:3306/" --sort-engine="unified" --sort-dir="/data/cdc/sort"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cdc cli changefeed update -c [changefeed-id] --sort-engine="unified" --sort-dir="/data/cdc/sort"
```

```

> **Note:**
>
> + Since v4.0.9, TiCDC supports the unified sorter engine.

> > + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet. Make sure that the changefeed has paused before modifying the sorter settings.

Author: This Chinese version is `stopped`.
```suggestion
> + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet. Make sure that the changefeed has stopped before modifying the sorter settings.
```

> > + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + TiCDC (the 4.0 version) does not support dynamically modifying the sorting engine yet. Make sure that the changefeed has paused before modifying the sorter settings.
```

> > + Currently, unified sorter is an experimental feature. When many tables exist (>=100), unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect the replication speed. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node have enough disk capacity. If the total data size to be accumulated might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> + Currently, the unified sorter is an experimental feature. When many tables exist (>=100), the unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect the replication speed. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable the unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node has enough disk capacity. If the total data size to be accumulated might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.
```

> > + Currently, the unified sorter is an experimental feature. When many tables exist (>=100), the unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect the replication speed. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable the unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node has enough disk capacity. If the total data size to be accumulated might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + Currently, the unified sorter is an experimental feature. When the number of tables is too large (>=100), the unified sorter might cause performance issues and affect replication throughput. Therefore, it is not recommended to use it in a production environment. Before you enable the unified sorter, make sure that the machine of each TiCDC node has enough disk capacity. If the total size of unprocessed data changes might exceed 1 TB, it is not recommend to use TiCDC for replication.
```
